chore: lint code and text in integration tutorials (#1167)
wandb/docs: content/tutorials/integration-tutorials/keras_models.md

---

{{< cta-button colabLink="https://colab.research.google.com/github/wandb/examples/blob/master/colabs/keras/Use_WandbModelCheckpoint_in_your_Keras_workflow.ipynb" >}}

> This notebook introduces the `WandbModelCheckpoint` callback. Use this callback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notebook demonstrates how to use the `WandbModelCheckpoint` callback
```

> to log your model checkpoints to Weight and Biases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to log your model checkpoints to W&B
```

> [Artifacts]({{< relref "/guides/core/artifacts/" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[artifacts]({{< relref "/guides/core/artifacts/" >}}).
```
I believe we capitalize only the Python API object.

## Setup and Installation

> First, let us install the latest version of Weights and Biases and authenticate.

Reviewer: The same feedback as in the Hugging Face example for similar changes here and in the following pages.
